One Complete Platform to Plan, Build, Operate, and Maintain Renewable Energy Assets


Managing renewable energy infrastructure requires precision, efficiency, and scalability. Sitetracker is the industry’s leading complete Asset Lifecycle Management platform, purpose-built to efficiently plan, build, operate, and maintain assets—so you can maximize asset performance and accelerate growth.

With Sitetracker you can:

Plan: Streamline site selection, permitting, and approvals to accelerate development.
Build: Track progress in real-time, reduce delays, and ensure projects stay on schedule.
Operate: Report with ease and optimize resources management.
Maintain: Automate work orders, dispatch field crews efficiently, and extend asset lifespan.

Power your portfolio with confidence. Request a demo today to see how Sitetracker helps renewable energy leaders plan, build, operate, and maintain critical infrastructure—faster, smarter, and at scale.






1 file
As a single PDF
As separate items
10 Reasons Why.pdf
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Reasons Why Companies
Select Sitetracker
Manage What’s Critical
Our world is rapidly moving forward.
New telecommunication advancements,
better ways to obtain sustainable energy,
and critical infrastructure funding from
governments across the globe are
pressuring businesses that deploy critical
infrastructure to move faster.
We developed Sitetracker, a cloud-native Asset
Lifecycle Management platform, to provide
complete visibility with a system of engagement
for managing a high volume of projects and
assets. This single source of truth helps our
customers scale deployments faster, execute
with quality, and operate in a way that creates
profitable growth. Read on to learn the top ten
reasons why critical infrastructure companies
select Sitetracker as their technology partner.
10
SITES AND ASSETS
FINANCE
PROJECTS
WORK
PLATFORM© Copy r i g h t 2 0 2 5 Site t r a c k e r , Inc. All r i g h t s r e s e r v e d .
2
Designing an easy-
to-use experience
has helped
our customers
achieve a 94%
user adoption
rate–one of the
best indicators of
how successful a
technology will be.
Easy-to-use experiences.
Exceptional adoption.
Widespread software adoption is essential to your company’s
success—without it, valuable time and resources are lost on
digitizing processes that employees won’t use.
Sitetracker was born in the cloud and designed to have an intuitive user
experience built on best practices. With software that is easy to use
and personal to each user–everyone from project managers to business
leaders to field crews can be more productive at work. Trackers, a core
part of our interface, are like spreadsheets embedded in the software
and deliver a powerful way to quickly and easily update and manage
hundreds of projects and tasks as conditions change. You can also
manage a high volume of projects with intelligent templates and color-
coding to automate changes and highlight only the information you
want to see. Finally, field teams have access to Sitetracker Mobile, a
native iOS or Android app designed to be used on or offline. By including
features to mark up documents, view site information, and complete
checklists, you can reduce rework and increase utilization rates.
Designing an easy-to-use experience has helped our customers achieve
a 94% user adoption rate–one of the best indicators of how successful a
technology will be.
1
Enterprise-grade
security
Security is a top priority for infrastructure companies
everywhere as cybersecurity threats increase worldwide.
Built on the Salesforce platform, Sitetracker software leverages the
same enterprise-grade security received by some of the world’s largest
governments and corporations. All underlying hosting and networking –
including physical infrastructure – are owned, operated, and secured by
Salesforce. The multitenant architecture with logical separation in place
for each customer ensures no overlaps in data and no shared dependency
on other customers, making your instance yours and only yours. This
includes several industry-standard audits, including (but not limited to)
ISO 27001, SOC 1, and SOC 2. This security foundation is a metrics-based
implementation of the NIST CSF, Salesforce’s risk management system,
and the application of common security controls across all clouds and
products. In addition, role-based permissions and a portal for your
contractors ensures everyone sees only the projects and data that make
sense for their role and level of responsibility.
2© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
4
+
Future-proof
technology platform
As we look to the future, Sitetracker is continuously evaluating
breakthrough technologies that have the potential to help our
customers drive costs out of their businesses and increase
project capacity.
Advancements in drones, digital twins, augmented reality, robotics,
and artificial intelligence play critical roles in improving safety and
preventative maintenance, predicting future performance, and further
automating processes. Salesforce’s cloud platform uniquely allows
Sitetracker to integrate these new technologies quickly with a robust
suite of APIs and a flexible framework designed for secure integration.
This goes hand-in-hand with using deep industry expertise to continually
optimize the workflows in Sitetracker’s products that help our customers
deploy and operate the latest network-specific technologies like edge
computing, Open RAN, and IoT.
3 “Futureproofing
the construction
business is essential
to its longevity.”
-Amit Baria,
Future-Proof Construction
with technology© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
6
A TRUE partner
“You wouldn’t want to trust your business to someone who
doesn’t share the same vision or goals as you, so who you trust
with your mission-critical software should be no different.“ 2
Sitetracker offers premium services and support to become a TRUE
partner to you with a shared vision for your business informed by your
goals. By delivering the education, professional services, business value
realization, and support you need, Sitetracker is the partner you can rely
on to ensure your business is successful. Implement faster with telecom
and energy specific Quickstart implementations informed by industry
best practices we’ve learned from existing customers and our in-house
experts. Furthermore, gain a dedicated Customer Success Manager,
focused on helping you to further refine your workflows and gain new
efficiencies to increase adoption and value with Sitetracker. Sitetracker
also has the services teams to support any additional business
configurations and integrations your business may require.
2 Couey, Collin. You Need a Software Partner, Not a Software Vendor
4© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
8
T
Technology
Education &
Certification
R
Responsive
Community
U
Unlocked Value
& Innovation
E
Expert
Implementation
& Global Support
“The Sitetracker team
was easy to work with,
thorough, and spent the
time to really answer
our questions, even
if it meant bringing in
added support. We feel
confident Sitetracker will
help Tangent elevate the
business to the next level
and meet our objectives.”
- Brian Mahoney, CEO, Tangent
Complete and flexible
No matter how repeatable your projects are, there will always
be variation and new needs as your business expands.
Existing templates may work for one project yet miss other essential
milestones or activities, like specific permitting requirements for a city
you’re working in. With Sitetracker, you’ll gain the ability to account
for variations across projects and programs, or documents and forms
without sacrificing your core templates for the 90% of your work that
remains the same. Maintain the quality, safety, and fast turnaround time
that your stakeholders expect. And when you’re ready to expand into
new business opportunities, grow partnerships, or further simplify your
tech stack, Sitetracker is prepared to be the central platform for your
business, spanning management capability for projects, sites, assets,
work, vendors, financials, and more, to help you save valuable time and
money typically spent on extra solutions and instead maintain a single
source of truth for your deployments and operations.
5 “Now that we have
acquired ‘one single
source of truth’, our
team is able to work in
real-time. We expect
that Sitetracker’s
collaborative approach
will give our team a
great advantage.”
-Stephan Auracher, Managing Director of
BayWa r.e. Power Solutions GmbH© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
10
Proven reporting and
business value
Sitetracker customers depend on our deployment operations
management software to increase productivity and overall
profitability for their businesses through high levels of user
adoption, faster project turnaround time, and better visibility
and organization around the work they perform.
With easily configurable Dashboards and Reporting, users and
stakeholders can gain quick, focused, at-a-glance insights into the data
they need to handle delays, increase efficiency, and make strategic
business decisions in real-time. Some examples of success include an
energy company who was able to process net metering applications 3x
faster (19 less days), a tower company that achieved 96% user adoption
across their organization, and a general contractor who saved over 300
hours a month because they no longer had to engage in duplicative data
entry. Results like this are just a few of the many examples that illustrate
the importance of partnering with Sitetracker as you search for a
complete solution to manage your projects, sites, and assets.
6 32%
improvement in project
turnaround time
- Segra© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
12
“Now, with Sitetracker,
we have a more efficient,
intelligent, mobile solution
to handle those tasks,
and we can speed up the
deployment of our clean,
renewable energy PPA
systems more than 150
installations at a time.”
-Santiago Holschneider,
Energia Real’s Chief Operating Officer
Intelligent applications
and predictive analytics
Business intelligence has proven to be invaluable to project
and construction teams that are looking to make better
decisions and control costs.
Quality data is critical for successful business operations. Reporting
you can trust allows project and construction teams to make better
decisions and control costs. Furthermore, taking that reporting even
further with predictive analytics and intelligence can help your business
move faster with smarter deployments and operations. Our platform
combines your data with the power of Salesforce Analytics and Einstein
to help improve forecasting and overall completion times based on
project managers, vendors, jurisdictions, and market conditions. With
real time data inputs from the field, you can gain critical insights to
improve your cycle times and make new business predictions to push
your operations forward.
7© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
14
Continuous innovation
A significant benefit of moving your operations to the cloud is
greater access to innovation.
Multi-million dollar investments in combined R&D from the Salesforce
platform and Sitetracker inform regular updates that give our customers
new and improved functionality. Sitetracker updates are based on
customer requests spanning every part of our solution, from project
management, to work management, to mobile and more. And with regular
Salesforce updates, the foundation Sitetracker is built upon only gets
better, continuously delivering more powerful performance and better
real-time intelligence that you can use to run your business
more effectively.
“Sitetracker has
demonstrated to us
that their deployment
operations software
continues to offer the most
innovative and complete
solution on the market
today. Their solutions
scale, evolve and respond
to customer needs.”
-Brian Quinn, Vice President of Operations,
Tillman Infrastructure© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
16
8
Vibrant community
Industry expertise is at the core of what makes Sitetracker
so powerful for our customers across telecommunications,
energy, real estate, media, utilities, and more.
In addition to our in-house experts, Sitetracker has over 19,000 users
actively contributing to the Sitetracker Community, a place where
customers interact, network, and learn all within the Sitetracker
platform. The Community provides a central place for professionals like
you to share industry best practices, get the latest release information,
and have your product questions answered. Furthermore, we provide
the Product Feedback Portal which enables users to directly submit
suggestions for improving Sitetracker while also gaining visibility into
other user suggestions and what has been completed or is coming on
the roadmap.
9 Sitetracker has
over 19,000 users
actively contributing
to the Sitetracker
Community, a place
where customers
interact, network, and
learn all within the
Sitetracker platform.© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
18
es-
ES
ja-
JP
zh-
TW
es-
MX
da-
DK
en-
US
nl-
NL sv-
SE
fr-
FR
no-
NO de-
DE
it-
IT
ko-
KR
pt-
BR zh-
CN
Global capabilities
Pushing the world forward through critical infrastructure is a
global challenge—one that Sitetracker is uniquely positioned to
help solve.
Sitetracker includes support for 15 different languages, data residency
options to meet compliance needs, and a scalable, secure platform that
can meet the needs of global enterprises. Our offices span the globe,
including locations in the United States, India, England, Luxembourg,
Australia, Mexico, and Singapore, helping us to further extend our
reach and easily interact with customers anywhere. And with some of
the largest enterprises in critical infrastructure like BT, Ericsson, and
Chargepoint, we have the industry experience required to meet both
corporate and regional needs anywhere in the world.
10 LANGUAGES SUPPORTED
• English
• Chinese (Simplified)
• Chinese (Traditional)
• Danish
• Dutch
• French
• German
• Italian
• Japanese
• Korean
• Norwegian
• Portuguese (Brazilian)
• Spanish Mexico
• Spanish Spain
• Swedish© Copyright 2025 Sitetracker, Inc. All rights reserved.
20
Now is the time to improve your ability to view and control what’s
happening across your projects, sites, and assets.
Discover how our deployment operations management software can help
you move away from spreadsheets or siloed systems and digitize your
business to scale fast and increase profitability.
Visit www.sitetracker.com/demo to see what’s possible for your business.
10 Reasons Why.pdf


One Platform to Plan, Build, Operate, and Maintain Critical Infrastructure
Sitetracker platform on desktop and mobile
Learn why the leading critical infrastructure companies trust Sitetracker to manage the complete asset lifecycle and use Scout to turn operational insights into action and automation.

Sitetracker: Your Foundation 

The industry-leading system of record to plan, build, operate, and maintain critical infrastructure. 
Sitetracker centralizes every project, site, and asset in a single, collaborative workspace, providing teams with a shared system for running complex infrastructure programs.
Scout: Your Operational Partner

Scout operates within your Sitetracker data and workflows to help your teams move faster and spot risks sooner.
From day one, teams use Scout UI for instant workflow support and immediate operational insight. As adoption scales, Agents coordinate and execute complex, repeatable missions unique to your business.
Sitetracker provides the operational foundation, and Scout provides the agency to act within it. Together, they give your team a system of intelligence that doesn’t just surface work, but drives execution.